Terraformed ETL lambda (#36)
SurinaCS/lmnh-plant-sensors: terraform/README.MD

## Terraformed AWS services:
* Lambda - to run the ETL pipeline for extracting plant metrics and uploading to the RDS. 
* Event Bridge schedules - to schedule the ETL pipeline lambda for every minute.
  

## Installation

Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd terraform
```

## Usage
The main script to create AWS cloud services through terraform is `main.tf`. You can run it with the following command:

To initialise: 
```bash
terraform init 
```

To create the services:
```bash
terraform plan
terraform apply 
```
The ```apply``` command will prompt the user to enter ```yes``` to confirm the creation of the services. The services will then be created on AWS unless an error with any credentials has occurred. 

To destroy:
```bash
terraform destroy
```

## Secrets Management

Before running the script, you need to set up your AWS credentials. Create a new file called `.terraform.tfvars` in the `terraform` directory and add the following lines, with your actual AWS keys and database details:

```text
AWS_ACCESS_KEY=""
AWS_SECRET_KEY=""

C14_VPC=""

DB_HOST=""
DB_PORT=""
DB_PASSWORD=""
DB_USER=""
DB_NAME=""
SCHEMA_NAME=""

ETL_ECR_URI=""

> ```

Reviewer: can you make this into a table using a description as another column:
| Variable         | Description                                       |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY   | The access key for AWS authentication.           |
| AWS_SECRET_KEY   | The secret key for AWS authentication.           |
| C14_VPC          | The VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) ID.              |
| DB_HOST          | The hostname or IP address of the database.      |
| DB_PORT          | The port number for the database connection.     |
| DB_PASSWORD      | The password for the database user.              |
| DB_USER          | The username for the database.                   |
| DB_NAME          | The name of the database.                        |
| SCHEMA_NAME      | The name of the database schema.                 |
| ETL_ECR_URI      | The URI for the ETL container repository in ECR. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Variable         | Description                                       |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY   | The access key for AWS authentication.           |
| AWS_SECRET_KEY   | The secret key for AWS authentication.           |
| C14_VPC          | The VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) ID.              |
| DB_HOST          | The hostname or IP address of the database.      |
| DB_PORT          | The port number for the database connection.     |
| DB_PASSWORD      | The password for the database user.              |
| DB_USER          | The username for the database.                   |
| DB_NAME          | The name of the database.                        |
| SCHEMA_NAME      | The name of the database schema.                 |
| ETL_ECR_URI      | The URI for the ETL container repository in ECR. |
```
